---
title: 'Topic Reports'
description: ''
showToc: false
---

# {{ $doc.title }}

::section-videos
---
  items:
    - id: "hduQ5_xpyTI"
      description: "Microfarms and computational agriculture: a future of farming?"
    - id: "_zkYwUczc0Q"
      description: "The ROMI plaftorm: a helping hand to farming communities"
    - id: "E05uVM7FPIQ"
      description: "Open source and open hardware: developing tools that are accessible and customisable"
---
  ## The basics of ROMI: the problems it solves and how

  This series introduces what ROMI does, why it exists and which problems it solves.
  
  In short, local organic farms are important for our future, but they have inherent problems that makes running one complex and exhausting.
  
  ROMI aims to relieve some of that physical and mental strain by helping the farmer weed its crops, and plan his crop beds.

  Give it a watch, it should explain everything you'd want to know.
::


::section-videos
---
  items:
    - id: "a5oOR8Pfwzc"
      description: "Plant developmental biology: how ROMI's tools help advance research in biology"
    - id: "rZk7tN9pUos"
      description: "Data segmentation and analysis: developing algorithms to virtually dissect plants"
    - id: "Bo32_KI6SZ0"
      description: "Synthetic plant modelling: creating plants in 3D to train neural networks"
---
  ## ROMI and research in biology: a powerful combination

  One of the tools developed in the ROMI project, the PLANT SCANNER, is in fact know as a phenotyping station in the world of biology. 

  This tool allows to scan in details real plants in 3D and then run algorithms on them to calculate metrics such as total leaf area, angle between the different organs, internode length and much more.

  These machines are already commercially available, but are not affordable. This opens a whole new world for plant developmental biologist (and many more professionals) to advance research in biology, and maybe even answer one of the ultimate question: how is life created?
::


::section-videos
---
  items:
    - id: "VflubCtuyvc"
      description: "Computer vision: algorithms to make sense of the world"
    - id: "YbByI0pGESY"
      description: "Embodied AI: making robots curious"
---
  ## Computer vision in ROMI

  Computer vision plays a central role in the the ROMI project. It is used by the ROVER to navigate around the farm and follow crops beds, but also to recognise plants and weed around them.

  It is used in conjunction with the CABLEBOT to analyse the growth of crop beds, and can help detect early on potential problems with your crops.

  It is used extensively in the PLANT SCANNER to reconstruct plants in 3D and segment their organs for later analysis.
::


::section-videos
---
  items:
    - id: "7aKQSbrldc0"
      description: "Tell me more: a deeper dive into the ROVER"
    - id: "IVo6hM8GWWQ"
      description: "Tell me more: a deeper dive into the CABLEBOT"
    - id: "w_AxsZlTkyA"
      description: "Tell me more: a deeper dive into the PLANT SCANNER"
    - id: "_3oiv_96-X8"
      description: "Tell me more: a deeper dive into FARMER'S DASHBOARD"
    - id: "CTOhDddCxvE"
      description: "Software tools used in ROMI: a quick look into some of the tools used to develop ROMI"
---
  ## Tell me more: a deeper dive into the ROMI Tools

  In this series we talk to some of the engineers of the ROMI tools, covering the components and software tools that are used to develop them.
::


<!-- ::section-videos
---
  items:
    - id: wDddnJFT0mk
      description: 'Microfarms, is computational agriculture a future of farming?'
    - id: 6eQ40OyCFD8
      description: 'The ROMI platform: a helping hand to farming communities'
    - id: lr9PgEH3KFw
      # title: 'We should probably rename all `description`s to `title`s if we need to add more text'
      description: 'From open source to open hardware'
      # buttons:
      #  - link: 'www.google.com'
      #    label: 'Download Files'
      #  - link: 'www.google.com'
      #    label: 'Learn More'
---
  ## Introduction to ROMI
::


::section-videos
---
  items:
    - id: MscqkztCuKY
      description: 'Ways ROMI is helping advance biology research'
    - id: ncsQ6CmOAQs
      description: 'Data segmentation and analysis: dissecting plants algorithmically'
    - id: _rg_jZfbcSU
      description: 'Virtually creating plants in 3D as datasets to train machine learning algorithms'
---
  ## ROMI and Biology Research
::


::section-videos
---
  items:
    - id: _eCaKUAyhFU
      description: 'Computer vision: intelligent algorithms to make sense of the world'
    - id: Du-r_5yg-sE
      description: 'Embodied Artificial intelligence and'
---
  ## Computer Vision and Segmentation
::


::section-videos
---
  items:
    - id: iEAgOc7SGuU
      description: 'ROMI: A dive into the ROVER'
    - id: kHjgzESXzeU
      description: 'ROMI: A dive into the CABLEBOT'
    - id: 00ku_Tcf51Y
      description: 'ROMI: A dive into the PLANT SCANNER'
    - id: AVn2mSTOdKY
      description: 'ROMI: A dive into the FARMERS DASHBOARD'
    - id: id2tUTgYS4k
      description: 'ROMI: A dive into Open Source Tools'
---
  ## The ROMI tools in depth
:: -->
